[loon calling]
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
[distant baby crying]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[baby crying louder]
- oh, yeah.
She's a bit cranky.
- [coos]
- you got her?
[baby cooing]
someone's a natural.
- [laughs tearfully]
I've wanted this
for a long time.
Hi.
[giggles]
- well, it's pretty obvious
you were meant to be a mom.
- Adoption has always been
really important to me.
Every child deserves a home.
That right, tara?
- All right.
One final form,
and you will officially
be tara's mother.
- Oh!
[both laughing]
- I was so anxious about this.
- Your application
and home visit were...
In all my time here,
I've literally never seen
anyone so prepared.
Of course, always feel free
to call me
if you have
any questions at all.
This process can be
more than challenging.
[sinister music]
there's one thing
I need to tell you.
Whatever you do,
do not under any circumstance
try and contact
tara's birth mother.
- Why?
- We have strict
confidentiality rules.
Let's just say
it was no longer safe for tara.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
[baby cooing]
- [exhales]
- you're gonna do great, amy.
- Thank you.
[chuckles]
♪ ♪
[tense music]
[siren blaring]
- step out of the car.
[indistinct radio chatter]
- keep your hands
where I can see them.
You're under arrest for murder.
[relaxing music]
♪ ♪
[both laughing]
- mother?
I thought you two
were best friends.
- Huh.
Definitely her mother.
- You better hope you take
after your mom.
She clearly does not age.
- Yeah, right.
- [scoffs]
oh, what about this one?
- Oh, I'm pretty sure
that's illegal in this state.
- Mom, I'm turning 16, okay?
All the other girls
are wearing bikinis.
- And if all the other girls
jumped off a bridge, et cetera,
et cetera, et cetera?
- Maybe if it was
a really low bridge,
and it was jenny.
- Yeah.
- And emma.
She's a real trendsetter.
- You know what happens
when you jump off
a bridge in a bikini, right?
[mimics explosion]
how about this one?
[pop music playing]
- I guess it's cute.
- And you can wear it
to swim practice.
- Yeah.
I'll go try it on.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- hey, babe.
- Hey.
- Came over to lend a hand.
- Aw, thank you.
- You doing all right?
- Yeah.
I'm just a little...
[inhales sharply]
[groans]
it's tara's birthday,
and jenny had such
a fancy party,
so now I've got to step it up.
- Well, if anyone
can pull it off,
it's you.
- Yeah, well,
you've gotta say that.
- [chuckling]
- hang on.
I got it.
It's okay.
- Come on.
Let me do something.
- Uh, you want to...
Help blow up
the balloons?
- Sure.
- Wait, are balloons
too childish?
- You're asking me
what 16-year-old girls like?
- Yeah, well...
- [chuckles]
all right,
aside from the impossibly high
expectations you have here...
Anything else bothering you?
- No.
[tense music]
yeah.
It's so silly.
Just the sales clerk made
this off-handed comment
about tara
taking after her mother,
and it just made me think that
I have no idea what that means.
Like, what if she's got some
deep-seated fear of balloons?
- [chuckles]
you know your daughter well,
or else this is gonna be
one terrifying party.
[chuckles]
[pop music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
♪ ♪
- lame or sweet?
- Sweet.
But you can't keep
stringing them both along.
- I like having two guys
fighting over me.
- But it's not fair.
- They know the deal.
They can walk away any time.
- No, I mean,
it's not fair to me, okay?
You have two guys after you,
and I don't even have one.
- Hello?
That's 'cause your mom
is a control freak.
She won't let you date
or take driving lessons.
- Yeah.
She's just...Protective.
Okay?
I'm all she has.
- She should recognize
you're basically an adult.
[bee buzzing]
my mom does.
Oh, speaking of...
- [gasps]
your mom let you
get a tattoo?
- [laughs]
well, not leanne.
My birth mom.
- [exhales]
two moms, two boys.
[buzzing]
ow!
Ah!
[groaning]
- oh, no.
Amy?
Amy!
I think it was a wasp.
I don't think she's been stung
by a wasp before.
- No, she hasn't.
- [gasping]
- we're here, tara.
Your mom's bringing the kit,
okay?
- Is she okay?
[indistinct chatter]
- [continues gasping]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- it's all right.
It's all right.
You okay?
There you go.
There it is.
There.
Just breathe with me.
- [breathing deeply]
- tara?
Tara?
David, call 911!
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
can you help her?
- Has she been stung before?
- Once, but by a bee.
Her friend said it was a wasp,
but I don't know.
Is it the same thing?
- Family history of allergies?
- What?
- Is anyone else in her family
allergic to wasp stings?
- I don't know.
- Her father?
- I don't know who
her father is.
She was adopted.
I usually carry everything
with me.
I have a medical history,
but family history--
- okay, thanks.
You need to stay here.
♪ ♪
she's gonna be okay.
They're moving her into a room.
- Thank god.
Can I see her?
- She had a rare
allergic reaction
to the epinephrine in the shot.
- Well, was it the wrong one?
- No.
Sometimes it just happens.
Some things are out
of our control.
- I still feel awful.
- You did everything right.
You were there,
you were prepared,
and you acted fast.
Tara's fine
and ready to go home.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- do you want some cake?
- I'm not hungry.
- Well, do you want
to open your presents?
Anything you want.
You name it,
birthday girl.
♪ ♪
- what if we found
my birth mom like jenny did?
Come on.
Being adopted is, like,
our thing together.
- Absolutely not.
- Why?
I should know
my medical history!
- Because it's not safe, tara.
I'm sorry, honey.
I want this for you, too,
but it...
But this is
the way it has to be.
It's just not an option.
[school bell rings]
- so what's the deal?
- I don't know.
It's just really been messing
with my head I guess,
but it's fine.
- Okay, you seriously need
to find your birth mom.
Who knows what else
you're allergic to?
- What else am I gonna do,
okay?
My mom already said no, so...
[quirky music]
♪ ♪
- open wide.
your mom says "no"
to everything.
One more reason
to find your birth mom.
We used a website.
Just mail in your dna
and wait.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- [exhales sharply]
[exhales]
[clicking]
[chuckling]
♪ ♪
[exhales sharply]
[chiming]
- you know,
if we lived together,
there'd be half
the housework to do.
- We're neighbors.
We practically
do live together.
[vegetable crunches]
- oh.
Hey, david.
- Hey, kiddo.
- So I've been studying
my driver's handbook.
- We talked about this.
You're gonna wait
till next year?
- But I can still practice
for my permit.
- What's the hurry, sweetie?
Come on.
Dinner's almost ready.
- Yeah, whatever.
- [scoffs]
what? She's growing up
fast enough already.
She asked about meeting
her birth mother.
- Mm, so that's
what's bothering you.
- No.
[tense music]
I mean, yeah.
But okay, look,
the agency was also
really clear that it wouldn't
be safe for her to meet her.
- So why not just
tell tara that?
- I have told her,
but she still wants
to meet her.
I mean, I get it, but...
I'll just take the hit.
I mean,
that's what moms do, right?
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[chimes]
- [exhales sharply]
♪ ♪
[exhales]
[cell phone dialing]
[phone trilling]
jenny.
Jenny, she just im'd me.
- Who?
- My birth mom!
What do I do?
- Im her back.
Wait, are you sure it's her?
- I--I don't know.
- You gotta be careful
on those sites.
You're not sure if it's her
or some fat, hairy old guy.
- Oh, my god.
There she is again.
Look--look,
I--I got to go.
- But--
[phone beeps]
- [exhales]
♪ ♪
[computer trilling]
[exhales]
hi.
- Hi, baby girl.
- Tara, you need
to eat something, honey.
- Okay, so you're a bookworm
and a swimmer.
What else?
Boyfriend?
- Uh, not yet.
[chuckles]
- oh, are the guys not hot
enough for you at...
Wait, what school
do you go to?
- Lincoln.
- Well, I'm sure a beauty
like you has plenty
of guys lined up at lincoln.
- Um, actually I'm--I'm not
allowed to date yet.
- Ouch.
Yeah, my parents
were strict too.
I found ways around that.
- [chuckles]
[distant laughing]
no!
- How's the studying going?
[distant laughing continues]
- [laughs]
can you do that?
It's a hereditary trait.
[laughing]
- are you studying,
or are you talking to jenny?
- Look, I got to go.
- When can we meet?
- I promise we'll talk soon.
- Wait.
- Jenny says hi.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
- [exhales sharply]
[indistinct chatter]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- so how'd it go?
- Pretty exciting.
- Oh, yeah?
- I can already tell
we're so much alike.
- Are you gonna tell your mom?
I mean, amy?
- Uh, not yet.
She would freak, okay?
And don't you
tell her either, okay?
- Okay.
[both chuckle]
- is--is that you?
- Oh...
Is that--oh!
[chuckles]
it is.
The black widow.
- Hi, rochelle.
- When'd they let
your butt out?
- Oh, I've been out
for a while.
- You on parole?
- No.
I'm different now.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- I think we should just, like,
maybe even go to the mall, or--
- we can go to my house.
- What angle you working?
- No angles.
[both laughing
and chatting indistinctly]
- you're on to something.
I can...I can smell it.
- Yeah.
Back off, rochelle.
- You want to let a sister
in on it?
- No, I don't.
- Don't be so selfish.
You let me in!
Do you remember who took care
of you on the inside?
- Yeah, I remember.
Back off, rochelle!
- You back off!
- I've had it.
- Stupid--
[both grunting]
[grunts]
[car horn honks]
[thuds]
[tires squealing]
[keys jingling]
[car engine revving]
- hey, hey! Stop!
Where're you going?
[phone chimes]
- wait, that's her?
- Yeah.
Yeah, she wants to meet.
- It's okay to ask
for more time.
- No!
I--I want to do this, okay?
Wish me luck.
- Well--hey, don't worry about
it being weird, okay?
- Okay.
[both giggling]
- good luck.
- Thanks.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[phone chimes]
- tara!
I'm right here,
baby girl.
Hi.
- It's so nice to meet you.
- [exhales sharply]
[chuckles]
I've waited for this
for so long.
[chuckling]
come on.
Let's go.
♪ ♪
- hey, it's tara.
Just leave me a message.
[phone beeps]
[cell phone trilling]
- hey, jenny.
Is tara with you?
- Um, no.
- Okay, I'm calling the police.
- Wait, no!
- Why not, jenny?
- Don't call the police.
- Why not?
[chiming]
[cell phone dialing]
[phone trilling]
- tara.
- Mom, look, I'm fine.
- Where are you?
Jenny told me you went
to meet your birth mother.
- Look, I lied.
She's always bragging about
how great her two moms are,
and--and I was jealous.
- Where are you?
- Look, mom, I'm sorry,
but what else
was I going to do?
I see what jenny has
and--and knowing where
she came from,
and I want to know, too,
but you won't tell me anything.
- Where are you?
- I'm right down the block.
I'll be there
in a second, okay?
- Tara.
- What?
- I'll call
the adoption agency,
and I'll see
what I can find out.
- Really?
- Really.
Just come home.
- Okay.
[cell phone beeps]
- hi, my name is amy bennet.
I adopted my daughter tara
through your agency.
I was just wondering
if you could give me
a little bit more history.
- Amy bennet.
- You had warned me not
to contact the birth mother.
[clicks]
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
- oh.
Now I remember.
Are you sure about this?
- My daughter just really wants
to know
a little bit more
about her birth mother,
and...
Whatever happened before,
maybe it's changed?
I mean, people change, right?
- Okay, but the files that far
back aren't on our system.
The paper backups are kept
in our storage building.
- Okay,
this is really important,
so anything you can give me
would really help.
- I can swing by
our storage facility,
get the contact information,
but I can't go until tonight.
I have the birth certificate
at least.
I can send that to you
if it'll help.
- That'd be great.
Thank you so much.
My email is still the same.
- Okay, good-bye.
- Thank you.
[phone beeps]
♪ ♪
[crickets chirping]
[door opening]
- hey, mom,
uh, I'm going to jenny's.
- Hey.
[laughing]
- you drive.
- I don't have my license.
- I didn't get to see you take
your first steps
or teach you how
to ride a bike.
Let me teach you
how to do this.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
[both laughing]
oh, my god.
- oh, my god.
- Okay.
- This is so awesome.
- Seatbelts?
Good.
- Okay.
- All right,
start it up.
- Okay.
[car engine revving]
[chuckles]
- okay.
Put it in drive.
- Okay.
Okay.
- Right there.
- Yeah.
- And don't hit anything.
- Okay, I won't.
[both laughing]
[car engine revving]
[suspenseful music]
um, so my mom,
she contacted the adoption
agency to find you.
Um, apparently they need
to dig through some storage
to find the paperwork,
but I figured once they do,
maybe you and my mom can meet.
- Of course.
- I don't like lying
to my mom, grace.
- Do you think she'd let
you drive if she knew?
- No.
But I know that she would
understand about us
if we just told her the truth.
- We'll tell her later,
but when we do meet,
we're going to have to pretend
like we haven't met before.
- Yeah.
Okay.
- Good.
♪ ♪
[door opening and closing]
[keys jingling]
♪ ♪
[car engine turning over]
[car alarm beeps]
♪ ♪
- find what you're looking for?
[door closes]
- grace?
What are you doing here?
- They don't need to know
all those details about me.
Please.
Give me the papers.
- No, grace.
- Give me the papers.
- Grace, they need to know.
- Give them to me.
- Grace, just think about this.
- Give them to me!
- Grace, no!
Let go!
Grace, no!
Grace, stop!
[crowbar clangs]
[grunts]
♪ ♪
[door opening and closing]
- hi.
Colleen sent a copy of my
daughter's birth certificate,
but she was also supposed
to send me a copy
of the birth mother's
information
and medical history, too.
- You haven't heard?
- What?
- Colleen was killed
last night.
- Oh, my god.
- The police think she stumbled
on burglars
who were robbing
the storage facility.
- That's horrible.
- I know.
We're all heartbroken.
- I'm so sorry.
Thank you.
[cell phone beeps]
okay.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[cell phone trilling]
- hello?
- Grace culver?
- Yes, who's speaking, please?
- My name is amy bennet.
I adopted a--a baby girl
16 years ago,
and I think
it might be your daughter.
- Oh.
That was the hardest decision
I've ever made.
- I'm sure it was.
I can't even imagine.
Um, well,
tara's been curious about you,
and--and she wants to meet,
and I know there were
some issues
around the whole adoption,
and I--I guess I'm just not
so sure
this is such a good idea.
- Uh, what exactly
do you want?
- I was hoping that maybe you
and I could meet,
and if it all goes well
and you're open to it,
maybe you
and tara could meet too?
- Um, this is a bit of a shock.
I--can I think about it?
- Yeah, I mean,
this is a huge decision,
so yes,
of course.
- Thank you.
Good-bye.
- Bye.
[phone beeps]
♪ ♪
- what do you think?
- Oh, it's beautiful.
It's so chic.
- It's not too--you know?
- I missed all those birthdays.
Please let me buy it for you.
- Are you sure?
Okay.
[laughs]
- [laughs]
- cool, okay.
This is too much.
- No, it's for 16 birthdays.
- Why'd you give me up?
- My family didn't believe
in me about you,
about anything.
They made me give you up, tara.
- Oh.
♪ ♪
um, uh--um,
I can't bring these in.
My mom told me not to get this.
- Oh, I'll hold on
to them for you.
You're a good girl, tara.
- Thanks, grace.
- [chuckles]
mom?
- Mom.
- [chuckles]
okay.
- Bye.
Bye.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- [crying]
[phone dialing]
[phone trilling]
- hi, amy?
It's grace.
You're right.
It's time.
- No, but seriously.
Like, what if--what if grace
is cooler than me?
I mean, what if--what if she
gave tara up to be a rock star
or fighter pilot
or write poetry in tibet?
What if tara wants to be
with grace more?
- Listen, no matter
what happens,
you're always gonna be
tara's mom, all right?
You did the hard work.
You raised her.
- You're not a teenage girl.
That's not an advantage.
- Hey.
Hey.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- hi.
- Hi.
- I'm so sorry I'm late.
- Oh, that's okay.
Hi, I'm amy.
- Hi.
- So nice to finally meet you.
- You too.
- And, uh,
this is my boyfriend, david.
- Hey.
- Nice to meet you both.
- Nice to meet you too.
Um, I'm actually gonna
slip away,
give you two a chance to get
to know each other better.
Be around if you need me, okay?
- All right.
Thanks, babe.
Please.
Have a seat.
- Okay.
- Definitely see
the similarity.
- Can you?
- Yeah, I can.
- Oh, wow.
Uh, well, what do you do, amy?
- Uh, well, I--I work
for habitat for humanity,
building homes for people who
otherwise couldn't afford them.
- Oh, that must
be so satisfying.
- Yeah, it is.
I--I grew up in the foster
care system,
so, you know,
permanency and stability
were a little bit foreign
to me,
so,
overcompensating.
Anyway,
how, uh--how 'bout you?
- Oh, um, yeah.
I design clothes out
of my house.
Sell mostly online.
- Mm-hmm.
- All right, let me just cut
right to the chase, okay?
Um, the adoption agency
mentioned some incidences
around tara's adoption,
and--and I really do want you
to meet her, but--
- but you want
to meet me first.
Make sure I'm okay.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, um, my family situation
is complicated.
- Mm-hmm.
- Um,
but that was a long time ago,
and, um,
I'm in a good place now.
- Good.
- Yeah.
- And the birth father?
- He passed away.
- Mm.
- That's part of the reason
why I gave tara up.
- Right.
- Yeah.
You know, I'd be asking
the same questions.
She's your daughter.
- Yeah.
Thank you.
- No, thank you.
[both chuckling]
- okay, so?
- Grace seems so good-hearted,
so I think I'm gonna
let tara meet her.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
[car engine turning over]
- tara?
Come down here, honey.
Got a surprise for you.
- What is it?
- There's someone
I'd like you to meet.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
this is grace,
your birth mother.
- Hi.
Uh, it's so nice
to finally meet you.
Um--
- um--um--I brought
you something.
Baby aloe vera.
- Oh.
- Um, I love plants.
I thought maybe you do too.
[chuckles]
they're easy to care for.
I promise.
- I love it.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- oh.
[chuckling]
so cute.
[laughing]
I get the same face
when I make the giggles.
[both laughing]
- do you think
I could have a baby photo?
I'd love a keepsake.
- Yeah, of course.
- Maybe the one with me
in the jean dress?
- Um, this one.
It's perfect.
Uh, I'm sorry.
I--I can pick another one.
- Oh, no, no.
Take it.
Seriously.
I have everything up here.
- You sure?
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay.
Stuck.
Oh, thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
So we bought this house
when tara was in third grade?
- Yeah, third grade.
- And we've been here
ever since.
- Oh, it's a beautiful house.
- Thank you.
[chuckling]
well, we like it, huh?
- Yeah.
- Right?
We make it work.
- This has been so wonderful,
but I should get going.
- Um, but I wanted
to show you my room.
- Next time.
- You know what?
I'll pack her some cookies
for--for the road.
Save me from eating them
all myself.
- Oh, oh.
- Mom?
Mom.
Grace.
Grace, grace, are you okay?
- No, I'm fine.
I just--I get
these dizzy spells.
They come at the worst time.
- All right, well, why don't
you sit down?
- No, it's fine.
I'll rest in the uber.
- Okay.
- Oh.
- Okay, you know what?
You should lie down.
Lie down in the guest room.
- Yeah.
- Okay?
- Okay.
- Spend the night.
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
♪ ♪
- [exhales sharply]
- hey.
- Oh, hi.
- I made some tea.
- Come in.
- Ginger.
- Oh.
- Helps with dizziness.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
- Mm, mm.
Oh, that's good.
So what's the deal
with you and david?
- We're just, um--
david and I are--
we're just taking our time.
- Well, I get the feeling
he'd rather fast-track that.
He's not the one?
- Oh, no.
No, he definitely is.
My life's a little hectic
right now.
I just want to give everything
to tara, you know?
♪ ♪
- [groans]
- grace, my mom's asleep, okay?
We don't--we don't have
to pretend anymore.
- What?
- No, it's okay.
She can't hear us down here.
- It's late.
Shouldn't you be asleep?
- Oh.
Okay.
- [exhales shakily]
- good night.
- [groans]
[water running]
[exhales]
[unsettling music]
♪ ♪
[groans]
[moaning]
♪ ♪
- [exhales sharply]
[gate creaks]
♪ ♪
- been a long time, sis.
you don't deserve this.
♪ ♪
- [groans]
- hi.
- [gasping]
- hi. Hi.
I just wanted
to make sure you're okay.
- I'm not sick, grace.
- I know.
I just never got
to take care of you.
- Um, are you--are you
feeling better?
- Much.
- Good.
Um, I should--I should
go back to sleep.
Early day.
- Of course.
I just wanted to tuck you in.
I'll be right downstairs, okay?
- Okay.
- If you need me for anything.
♪ ♪
[exhales sharply]
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
- grace?
There you are.
[chuckles]
what are you doing?
- I--I don't know.
I--I should go.
- Do you need a lift?
- No, uh--
- you're leaving already?
- Yes, I'm sorry.
I should really go.
- Um, I'll--
I'll text you later.
- Oh, okay.
Um, thank you.
Thank you again.
Bye.
- Hope she's all right.
Hey, listen.
David's gonna take
you today, okay?
I'm running late.
Forgot something inside.
[door closes]
♪ ♪
[car alarm beeping]
[car engine revving]
[thrilling music]
♪ ♪
well, the house is on a slope,
so the city requires
they have special permits.
- Yeah, but they've
already started drilling.
What do you want us to do?
- Well, just--
- amy?
- Um--yeah,
have them stop drilling.
[car engine revving]
[car tires squealing]
♪ ♪
[crashing]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[unsettling music]
♪ ♪
- you all right, ma'am?
- I think so.
I--I don't know
what happened.
- I'm gonna need you
to do something for me.
Touch your finger
to your nose.
Okay, gonna need you to walk
in a straight line.
♪ ♪
wait right there for me, okay?
[indistinct radio chatter]
- so?
- So yeah.
I mean, it was pretty good.
Um, but she had
some weird headache this time,
and I--I couldn't tell if it
was part of the act, you know?
What?
- Doesn't it make you
feel weird,
lying to your mom about this?
- Okay, she didn't
give me a choice.
- Are you ever gonna tell her?
I guess now it doesn't matter.
[cell phone swooshes]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[phone chiming]
don't look.
♪ ♪
[all laughing]
tara!
[cell phone ringing]
[phone beeps]
- hello?
- Miss bennet,
it's principal robinson
at your daughter's school.
Tara ditched school today.
A video of your incident
is going around the students.
- Video?
What video?
- Uh, I think it might be best
if you came in
to discuss this further.
- Of course.
- I'll see you soon.
[cell phone beeps]
♪ ♪
- oh, my god.
[phone chiming]
I'm so sorry.
I came as fast as I could.
- That's okay.
It gave me time to get
to know grace a little better.
- [stammering]
- I saw the post
on tara's page.
It's got to be
so difficult for her.
- Oh.
Of course.
Has anyone heard from her?
- She texted me.
She's taking this really hard.
- We haven't heard
anything yet.
- Um...
- Are you okay, amy?
I know some really good 12-step
programs if you need help.
- Well, I wasn't drunk.
They ran a breathalyzer test.
- So what happened?
- I don't know.
I...
- How many medications
are you taking?
- What? I--n--
- maybe a bad interaction?
- No. I...
I--I think I just had
a--a dizzy spell.
- Well, um, until we get
this figured out,
perhaps tara should stay
with me for a while.
- I'm her mother,
and you're
practically a stranger.
- Yeah, I gave birth to her,
and that gives me a connection
to her that you
will never understand.
- [scoffs]
- I'm sorry.
I just get really protective.
- Yeah, okay, you know what?
I apologize for being rude.
But you have no legal
standing to be here,
grace, and I'd appreciate it
if you leave.
This is a matter
that concerns tara,
myself,
and the school.
- No need to apologize.
- Yeah.
- I know that you're stressed.
It was a pleasure meeting you.
- Grace.
- Is everything okay at home,
ms. Bennet?
- It's fine.
This whole thing will be
cleared up before you know it.
- Yeah, I'm not so sure.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[phone swooshing]
[phone chimes]
- tara?
Tara?
- I hope you know that
you can confide in me, tara.
Is your mom getting help?
- She's not a drunk, okay?
This has never happened before.
- Good.
Good.
Good for you
for being supportive,
but I want you to know
that people can be really good
at hiding these sort of things.
- No, it's not like that, okay?
It was probably
just some medical thing
like--like your dizzy spells.
- Mm.
Okay.
[phone swooshes]
how many messages is that?
- She's worried.
I--I better go home.
- Are you sure
you want to go home?
Tonight might be dangerous.
- My mom's not dangerous.
- Well, they never are
until they are.
[phone swooshes]
- okay,
I--I definitely have to go.
- Sweetie, that's stalking.
- Okay, it's not stalking.
She's my mom.
- Of course.
I'm sorry.
Let's go.
♪ ♪
okay.
Everything cool?
- Yeah.
Yeah.
- Okay, well,
text me later, okay?
- All right.
- And tomorrow
I'll take you to lunch.
I know a great sushi place.
It'll cheer you up.
- Um, I--I should stay home
for a bit.
My mom might need
the support, so...
- Of course.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
- You're a good daughter.
Okay, see you.
- See you.
Bye.
- Bye.
[unsettling music]
♪ ♪
[shuddering]
[shouting]
- where were you?
I was so worried about you.
- I just--I needed some time
to myself.
Are you okay?
- I'm fine.
I'm just--I'm sorry
you had to see that.
- What happened?
- I was a little spacey.
But what--the kids at school
are talking?
- Yeah.
I--I couldn't deal with it.
But, um, grace, yeah,
she sort of helped, so...
- What?
- I needed someone to talk to,
so I reached out
and then she picked me up,
and then she talked about
how she had problems--
- okay, wait, wait.
She met you
without my permission?
- Okay, she didn't abduct me.
I just needed someone
to talk to.
- Okay, you're a minor.
Okay, what she's doing
is illegal.
- Okay, don't overreact.
Okay, look, I'm--I'm sorry
to say this, honey, but no.
You can't see grace anymore.
- What?
Mom!
- It's for your safety, okay?
This is all just
happening way too fast,
and she's crossing boundaries,
and I'm--I'm worried for you.
- But mom, I'm 16 years old,
okay?
I'm not a kid anymore, mom.
- She's got issues
or something, honey.
- Jeez, mom.
If that's the case,
then she needs our help.
I was just defending you
to her about your little dui,
and now you're trying
to turn me against grace
after I finally met her
after all these years?
♪ ♪
[door slams]
[knocking]
- oh,
amy. What a surprise.
Please, come in.
- Sorry, I--I just really
needed to talk to you.
- Of course.
- Look, I appreciate
your concern for tara,
and I'm glad that you're back
in her life,
but I cannot have you meeting
her without my permission.
- What?
I haven't.
- And I don't appreciate you
lying to me.
Tara told me that you met her
after school today.
- At the school?
- Yeah.
And after your behavior
at the school,
I'm feeling less
and less comfortable
with having you
around her at all.
- I haven't left the house
all day.
- Is this an act?
Because you were at the school,
and there were
plenty of witnesses.
- Oh, my god.
- What?
- There's something I need
to show you.
♪ ♪
this is my sister karina.
My twin sister.
[car engine revving]
karina spent a long time
in prison.
After she was paroled,
I heard she left the country
and moved to costa rica.
I thought she was still there.
- So tara met her,
thinking it was you.
Okay, I--I've got to go.
C--can we talk again tomorrow?
- Yeah, of course.
- Thank you.
♪ ♪
[gate creaking]
[keys jingling]
♪ ♪
- grace?
- Oh.
[shushes]
- what are you doing here?
Why do you have my clothes?
- Have you ever been
to costa rica?
- What?
- It is amazing.
The waters,
they are so beautiful.
You'll love it.
- You want to take me
to costa rica?
- It'll give us a chance
to make up
for all those missing years.
Come on.
Get out of bed.
Let's go.
- But my mom.
- Oh, don't worry.
By the time any legal paperwork
makes it through the system,
you'll be old enough to decide
that you want to live with me.
- No.
No, I'm not leaving my mom.
- Your mom?
Look.
We belong together.
You and me.
Sweetheart, there is a bond
that blood brings.
- Does my mom even know
that you're here?
- Tara.
Tara.
No.
Tara, no.
- Mom?
- See?
She's not even here.
- How did you even get in here?
[car horn honking]
- come with me.
We need to pack.
Tara.
Tara, no!
- Tara!
- Mom?
Mom!
Grace is here,
and she's acting weird.
- That's not grace, honey.
- What?
- Grace has a twin sister.
That's karina.
- Oh, my god.
- We're still blood, tara.
- You lied to me.
- Grace promised you to me
and took you away
and gave you to her.
- You have to leave, karina.
- Come with me, baby girl.
- No, karina. Karina!
- Stay away from me!
[both shouting at once]
- I'm calling the police!
- No!
- Mom, I'm fine.
I'm fine, but I'm sorry, okay?
I thought it was grace.
- It's okay.
- I'm sorry.
- We're okay.
Get inside.
I'm calling the police.
- We haven't found her yet.
Stay alert, you two.
- We've got enough here
to at least
arrest karina for breaking
and entering.
We'll be looking for her.
- Thank you, officers.
- You're welcome.
[indistinct chatter]
- I'm so sorry.
I should have told you
about karina when we first met.
- What happened
between you two?
- We used to be close,
but, um, as you get older,
things--things changed.
When I got pregnant with you,
peter and I,
we were so young.
- Peter?
Peter's my dad?
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- [exhales sharply]
we thought about keeping you,
but we were just out
of high school.
We could barely
take care of ourselves.
We decided to put you up
for adoption.
But then karina got into
a horrible accident,
and, um, doctors said
she couldn't get pregnant.
So she convinced us
to let her raise you instead.
She went to all my
lamaze classes with me.
You began to kick so much
I could barely keep
my hands off my stomach.
But neither could karina.
Peter worried about karina,
thought she wasn't right,
and he let her know this.
So we told her
she couldn't adopt you.
That's when she just lost it.
There was a fight.
He tried to restrain her.
And she killed him.
After peter died, I just--
I couldn't raise you by myself.
I just--I just couldn't.
I'm sorry I didn't tell you.
I was afraid
of what you'd think.
- I'm so sorry.
- Thank you.
[suppresses a sob]
he was such a good man, tara.
I wish you could've met him.
- Yeah, me too.
♪ ♪
grace.
- These dizzy spells,
it's called thalassemia.
I have--I have too much iron
in my--in my blood.
When it gets too high,
I feel faint.
- Grace?
- [groaning]
- grace?
Grace!
- Hey, grace.
Grace, wake up.
Wake up.
- I'm okay.
Sorry.
- Okay.
- Do you want to sit up?
Come on.
- Let's get you home.
- So I looked up our info
on dnandme and our reactions.
It's something that runs
in our heritage.
That's why you got dizzy
and fainted,
and that's why I had a weird
reaction to the epinephrine.
- You figured all this out?
- It was all there
on the website,
and I know
my medical history now.
Your house is beautiful.
- Yeah, it was my family's.
- Are you okay, grace?
- [groans]
- yeah, I just need
a good night's sleep.
- Actually, I was hoping
you'd consider coming
and staying at our house.
Just give you some support
while you recuperate
and give you and tara the
chance
to make up for lost time.
- I couldn't ask that of you.
- Well, you don't have to ask.
- I'll think about it.
- I'm just a phone call away.
- [chuckles]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[unsettling music]
[distant creaking]
[blow lands]
[grunts]
[creaking]
[footsteps approaching]
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
karina.
- [shushes]
- you don't have to do this.
- Remember when we were kids?
We used to pretend
to be each other,
mess with dad's head.
- They know about you now.
Whatever you have planned,
it won't work.
- Oh, that is why it will work.
Instead of you going there
to recuperate,
they should come here,
get to know the real grace.
That is until karina shows up.
This should keep you out of it
until I'm ready
to deal with you.
Poor grace.
All that iron.
It builds up inside of her
until she loses it, kills amy.
She then goes to deal
with her backstabbing sister,
but grace kills karina
and saves tara
from her wicked aunt.
Swallow.
Swallow!
Take it.
- [muffled groans]
- of course,
tara will be devastated,
but nothing brings mother
and daughter together
like a heart-wrenching
family tragedy.
- Karina.
[breathing heavily]
peter was an accident,
but you're not a murderer.
- You took tara away from me.
Do you know what that did
to me?
Do you know?
- No.
This is wrong.
- This is making it right.
Swallow.
Swallow!
- [muffled screams]
[cell phone ringing]
[phone beeps]
- hey, grace.
- Hi, tara.
- Um, have you thought about
staying with us?
- I have,
but I'd like the two
of you to stay with me.
You and your mom have already
been so kind letting me stay
the night at your house.
I want to pay you both back.
Why don't you come
by tomorrow after work,
and I'll make you dinner,
and you can stay the weekend?
I've got plenty of space.
It'll be like a slumber party.
What do you think?
- Perfect.
We'll see you tomorrow.
- Bye, grace.
[phone beeps]
♪ ♪
- oh, there you are.
- David.
- Hey.
- What are you doing here?
- Uh, amy said they're coming
over tonight
for a girls' weekend,
and, uh, it's so awesome.
Um, anyway, tara forgot
her history book.
She's got a paper
to write over the weekend.
They wanted me to drop it off.
I didn't have your number,
so I'm so sorry
for scaring you.
- It's so nice of you.
- Yeah.
I'm sorry for prying,
but, uh, amy filled me in.
You, uh--you doing all right?
- Oh, yeah, I'm just
cleaning up this old house.
Gonna cook them
an epic dinner tonight.
So happy they're coming over.
It's just so terrible
it took so long.
- Yeah, well, there's no point
in regretting the past, right?
- Yeah.
- You're all together now,
and they're so happy you are.
- Yeah, if only I'd kept tara,
she and I would be closer now.
We'd have all those years
behind us.
I should get going.
I have a lot to do.
- Grace?
Karina?
- [grunts]
[blow lands]
- [groans]
♪ ♪
- hey, amy.
- Hey.
Just wanted to let you know
that the blueprints
have been approved,
and I found a private charity
to match the funds.
- That's great.
- So the project's a go.
- That's good to hear.
[car engine turning over]
- all right.
Talk to you soon.
Bye, frank.
- Okay.
See you soon.
[phone chimes]
- mm.
[phone clacking]
[car engine revving]
[metal scraping]
[thuds]
[tires squealing]
[camera shutter clicking]
♪ ♪
[car engine turning over]
- hey.
- Hey.
- Your mom's running late.
Got held up at work.
She asked me to pick you up.
- Um, okay.
- Come on.
- [chuckles]
[exhales]
- so is there any updates
from the police?
- Yeah, they called.
They flagged karina's
credit cards at the border.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[car engine revving]
[phone trilling]
- hello?
- Baby, are you okay?
- I'm fine.
Why?
- Karina just tried
to run me over.
She's still out there.
- Oh, my god.
Are you okay?
- I'm fine.
Where are you?
- I'm with grace right now.
I--
- uh, amy?
Yeah.
I will call the police.
Karina is crazy.
Is there any way
you can come over here?
I think we should
all be together.
- Okay, I'm on my way.
Just lock the doors, okay?
- Okay, just be careful, mom.
All right?
- I'm on my way, tara.
[cell phone beeps]
- I mean, you're gonna call
the police, right?
- Yes.
- [exhales]
[car engine revving]
- grace?
Grace?
Grace, wake up.
Look at me.
It's tara.
- Tara?
- She's in trouble.
- Tara's in trouble.
- Tara?
- Tara, grace.
- [groans]
tara.
[grunting]
David.
Tara.
[phone clacking]
- grace?
Grace?
- What?
- She's here.
Karina's here,
and she has a weapon.
- Come with me.
- Wh--
- go down here,
lock this door,
and no matter what you hear,
do not open it.
- No, but what about you?
[grunts]
[breathing heavily]
[car engine revving]
♪ ♪
- no!
[tires squealing]
- mom?
- Karina, what are you doing?
Tara!
Tara, where are you?
- Mom?
- Put them down, karina.
Drop them.
Drop them!
Where's tara?
Drop it, karina!
Where is she?
- I don't know.
- Drop them.
Drop them, karina.
- Get away.
- Drop it!
- No, I don't--
I don't know what--
- let go, karina.
- No, stop.
- Drop it!
- Mom?
♪ ♪
mom, behind you!
[all shouting]
- karina!
No!
- No!
- Stay away from them!
- Tara.
Tara, come with me.
Tara, look how hard
I fought for you.
Tara?
You're choosing them?
- Yeah.
Yeah, I am.
- You can't have them!
[both screaming]
[blow lands]
- [screams]
- no!
[both grunting]
- tara.
[grunts]
- [grunts]
[blow lands]
- [gasps]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[both breathing heavily]
- david!
He's in the garage.
He's hurt.
- Hey, babe.
- What?
- I'm gonna be fine, babe.
- Yeah.
You better be.
[chuckles]
I'll see you there.
- Okay.
[indistinct radio chatter]
- baby girl,
I'll always love you.
- Oh, my gosh.
- Look at you.
- Hey.
- Wedding dress
shopping tomorrow?
- Of course.
- Actually,
if you'd like,
I'd be honored
to make one for you.
- I'd love that, grace.
Thank you.
- Well, you two have fun
while we're in hawaii.
- So are--are you sure
you're gonna be okay
by yourself for a couple weeks?
- I'm not alone.
- Right.
Sorry, uh--
- uh, hey, kiddo,
I'm about
to make my famous ribs.
You want to, uh,
give me a hand?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Okay.
Okay, so you chop first,
and then I'll--
- I promise
I'll take good care of her.
- Hey, how come you get
to chop and I don't?
- I know you will.
- Mom makes this dish
that absolutely--
- no matter what,
you're her mother.
You shaped her into who she is,
and she's...
Amazing.
- Yeah.
Yeah, she is.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪